- Status?
- Rendezvous point secure.
Give him a minute.
No visual.
- We're clear.
- Clear.
No response to signals.
Please advise.
Stay or go. sir?
Pull the plug.
- Abort mission.
- Shit.
All right. creasy. Where the hell are you?
Your parents told me to take you.
There are bad men in the house.
Shh.
Panic room.
Come on.
Stop.
Go. go. go.
Panic room.
Come. luana. come.
Stop right there. Stop right there.
Daddy? Mommy?
Close the door.
No! Stop! Hold the door!
Open this fucking door!
Mommy?
Shit. He's not picking up.
Hey. Tell them. Who's that?
Why are you doing this?
If I don't. we'll get shot.
Trouble! Trouble!
Trouble!
Trouble! Trouble! Trouble!
Livro! Livro!
- What is it?
- Trouble! Trouble!
They've come for her.
My god.
Better warn your brother
before things go south.
Let me just be very clear.
You're not gonna survive this.
And that's already decided.
The only question
is whether your family lives and
what will be left of them if they do.
If you lie to me.
if you fail to answer my questions.
I will make sure everybody in this
room regret it for the rest of their lives.
Nod your head if you understand.
Go from the beginning.
I want every detail about the bombing.
I want to know who
ordered it. who participated.
and every step of how they went about it.
And start with your real name.
My name is Gabriel.
Okay. Gabriel. now I want you to
remember that you're already dead.
and you got nothing to lose
except for pieces of your loved ones.
I was contacted by Emanuel ferraz.
the leader of the frp.
He's in prison. but he says
they're escalating things.
Ferraz is escalating things from prison?
Being in prison didn't slow him down.
If anything. it has made
him much more aggressive.
Go.
Where did you drop the girl?
They went up there.
Stay sharp. They're coming up.
Shh.
Where were you?
Thought someone ought to
actually check on the guest.
You know. the one beto
didn't need any help securing.
- How is she?
- Ran off.
Livro's looking for her.
Give me ten seconds
and I'll take care of this.
My family's down there. Be
careful with this shit. asshole.
Look who's worried about family now.
Asshole.
Poe!
Stop! Stop right there!
You know you walked
into the wrong place. right?
Release her. We'll give you a chance.
We can make an exchange.
We're after a girl who
isn't from here either.
No fucking exchange. duda.
Get him.
- Get him. Damn it.
- My hand.
Shot! Shot! Catch this.
Catch this! Asshole.
Son of a bitch is running
away. Let's go. man. Let's go.
Take this. Come on. damn it.
Let's go! Let's get this sucker.
I got this. boss.
Hey!
Let's go!
No!
Enter. Very slowly.
Enter!
Go. go. go.
Lower your guns!
If anyone tries anything
funny. it will end badly.
Go away. please.
Let's move.
Tell your men to back out of the room.
Leave us.
Which folder?
Top right.
We're getting uploads to a secure
server from an unknown sender.
It's actually an outdated repository
that we don't use anymore.
All right. stop. What am I looking at?
It's a hodgepodge of stuff.
Documents and receipts
related to rental vans.
chemical purchases. call
logs from someone's phone.
and these. blueprints.
covered in handwritten notes.
Lab is double-checking.
but preliminary guess is
these are from the building
that got bombed in rio.
Jesus. This is creasy.
All right. I want everything that
comes in brought directly to me
until I've reviewed and
cleared it. You understand?
All right. we'll figure out what
to share with the Brazilians later.
Good work.
So. ferraz orders the
bombing from prison.
and you activate the
people in your cell of the frp.
And that's these calls to Frederico lopes.
What does he do?
Frederico was responsible
for building the bombs.
Where does tiago come in?
After the bombing. ferraz
said there was a witness.
I only hired tiago and his
gang to get rid of her. And you.
- So they weren't part of the bombing?
- No.
Who else was with you
the night of the attack?
- Frederico and I were the only ones.
- Two vans.
Hundreds of pounds of chemicals.
Weeks of building.
planning. surveillance.
All done by two people?
I don't think so.
I want the names of every single person
who participated in that
building's destruction in any way.
Do you understand?
Frederico was the only
one who was known to me.
What are you doing?
I'm only gonna do this one time. Gabriel.
And it's only so you
know what kind of pain
your son is gonna go
through if you lie to me again.
I want all the names.
If you hesitate. your son is next.
If you lie or I find out
you forgot someone.
I will hunt them down and
make them pay all over again.
I want all the names.
Miguel moura. Daniel vila. sandro ruiz.
They were in the other Van.
Neto vargas and Rafael pinheiro.
Vargas. Frederico. and
myself were in the first Van.
You got them all?
Think hard. Gabriel.
You got a lot riding on this.
Guerra… guerra… flavio guerra. He
helped Frederico to make the bombs.
I think you forgot someone.
No. no. that's everyone. I swear.
That's everyone.
- What about the guy on the motorcycle?
- I did not know him. I swear.
Ferraz sent him to monitor
us. but I never met him.
and I never learned a name.
I promise. I swear.
What are you doing?
I don't know him. He was ferraz's guy.
Coward! I will make
you beg me to kill you!
We can stop any time.
She saw his face. That's
why you have to kill her.
Who are you protecting?
Give me a name! Who is
the guy on the motorcycle?
I don't know!
I swear. He was ferraz's guy.
What are you doing?
What are you doing to my son? Stop!
Everything is fine. We're just pretending.
Mateus!
Bastard!
What did you do to my son?
- Tell me the name.
- I don't know.
I don't know.
- Who are you protecting?
- No one.
Tell me his name.
I'm sorry about your son.
No. No!
I want the name.
I don't know his name.
I swear.
Only ferraz knows.
And he doesn't tell anyone
anything they don't need to know.
I don't even know who was supposed
to take over after you went home.
After... what do you
mean. after we went home?
He said I only had until
you return to america.
- After that. it'd be someone else's job.
- Someone else's job to do what?
To find her. no matter where she went.
I was given an address.
But after the mistakes
at the military base.
he said I could not be trusted with it.
My only chance was before she left.
After that. it would fall to others.
Who?
The different parts of our group
don't know one another specifically.
So that no matter what. I'm
not able to answer that question.
All I know is that the
addresses came in an e-mail.
Sir. I was asked to transfer a call.
I will patch it through the intercom.
Tell your men to back
out. or else I'll... creasy?
- Creasy. are you there?
- Poe?
Creasy. can you hear me?
There's a man. He has
me and he has a gun and…
- Creasy. are you there?
- Poe!
Something's wrong.
Santos!
In no scenario does this end well for you.
- What is he saying?
- My associates found the girl.
Perhaps it's time to start discussing
releasing myself and my family.
Unless. of course. you
want him to execute the girl.
Creasy!
No. no!
Creasy. please!
Livro…
All right.
So?
Livro says the man wants
to make an exchange.
Apparently. this creasy has the
man's boss and his family held hostage.
Have they talked to
creasy? What did he say?
They made the offer.
but he wouldn't answer.
- What do you mean. beto?
- Wait. what?
Let me talk to him.
He wouldn't just leave
the girl here in danger.
Are you fucking kidding me?
The only thing this foreigner
did was leave this girl in danger.
- Beto.
- Beto offered his brother to join her.
- Fuck you.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
He is your brother. You decide.
Let me talk to him. beto.
I'll arrange...
I'll arrange for melo to
speak directly to creasy.
We can still salvage this.
The guy's got a damn gun
to your brother's fucking head
and you're worried about saving the job?
I'm out of here. Fuck you all.
Mateus! Mateus!
Are you listening to me. son?
Can you move. mate us?
Come. son. come.
Try to move. Try to get out of there.
Come. son.
Good!
Good. son. Come. mate us.
That's it.
Good. son.
Careful.
Very good.
Slowly.
Everything is fine.
Go slowly.
There.
Over there.
Green. Green button.
Press the green button.
mate us. The green one.
Go on. son!
You sure this is a good idea?
Beto is livro's brother
and even he wants to wait.
Beto doesn't care about his brother.
He's just worried about
collecting his cash.
If he cared about livro.
he'd never have put him
in this position to begin with.
Be prepared!
I'm looking for something clean.
But if I hit the girl. you'll
have to take him out.
I don't know. man. Damn. vico. you
know that I am not as good as you.
That's why I'm taking the hard shot.
He'll be standing there.
stunned. wide open.
You just squeeze.
Fuck it.
Old piece of crap.
Fucking hell!
Fuck.
Go. mate us. Press the button.
Come on. mate us!
Open the door. Press the
button! And run away! Run away!
Press it. mate us. Press it.
press it. Go. son. press it! Press it!
Stop!
Press it. mate us! Don't worry about us.
Press it and go. mate us!
Come on. you motherfucker.
Get over here. now! Fuck off!
You ready?
- Can't you just hit just him?
- We're about to find out.
What the fuck?
I'll fucking kill them both!
I'm gonna kill everyone!
You got livro. man.
I'll kill everyone!
What the fuck?
I'm going to kill them both now?
They're shooting at us here. damn.
What'd he say?
He said they're shooting at him.
He's going to kill one of the hostages.
What the fuck? I'm gonna kill them now.
You calm your man down. and
you tell him what you already know.
What's that?
There's only one way out of this.
Creasy basically just sent
us a recorded confession
from the guy who oversaw the attack.
along with corroborating evidence
he's been dribbling in for hours.
I mean. more or less just
exposed the entire frp cell
that executed the bombing in.
what was that. three... three days?
- The Brazilians don't have any of this?
- No. Not yet.
He's on his own and used an old secure
pipeline to transfer it all straight here.
You wanna remind me why
this guy no longer works for us?
Well.
the last time we sent him into the
field. his whole unit was neutralized.
He was put on leave for
psychological evaluation.
likely PTSD.
So however he's doing this.
it's by the skin of his teeth.
Get me prado soares.
My guess is the Brazilians aren't
going to care how he's doing it.
As long as they get the credit.
Sir. another call. A woman.
I'm patching it through.
Did you put me through? What
the hell is going on. creasy?
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Where's poe?
She's okay. but she's
being held with livro.
We need to work out
an exchange. okay?
Creasy. are you able to do this or not?
Where and when?
You fucked up. You had no right.
I guess I'm the only one who
cares more about protecting our own
than getting a cut.
You defied my orders.
You hit livro. you fuck.
- A ricochet. He'll be fine.
- I'm not sure about taking you.
- So don't.
- I can't not.
You're my best shooter.
This is your chance.
Let's go. damn it.
Come on. come on. come on.
Let's go. walk.
Poe?
You okay?
Tell your man he can stop right there.
It's okay. Let them come. Come here.
You know this isn't over.
It is for you.
Come on. let's go.
Keep walking.
Keep on walking.
Just keep walking.
Livro.
Are you okay?
Take care of him.
- I'll see you later.
- Sure.
Take care of him.
You little shit.
I asked you to do one
thing and you blew it.
Get in the car. Get in the car.
Let me see. Let me look at you.
I told you not to leave me.
You... you left me
and I just… I couldn't…
It's okay.
I thought you weren't gonna
come back to me this time.
It's okay. Hey. you're not hurt.
Look at me. Look at me. Look at me.
I'm sorry. okay?
Get in the fucking car.
Son of a bitch.
Call your daughter.
get her out of the house.
- What?
- Give her a safe place. we'll pick her up.
Why?
They found you through your business card.
If they could find you. they can find her.
Let's go. Let's go.
Today I can share with you
that through the tireless
efforts of Brazilian authorities.
the architects of the horrific
attack that took place in rio
have not only been identified.
they have been neutralized.
The speed with which this
operation was conducted…
Terrorism.
Terrorism is an evil beyond politics.
And its practitioners must be
wiped away with strength and resolve.
Today we showed those
who want to attack Brazil
that the sons of this land
won't back away from a fight…
In a stunning series of raids.
Brazilian authorities have identified
the parties who apparently planned
and executed the bombing attack
on a rio condo tower earlier this week.
resulting in hundreds
of civilian casualties.
and millions of dollars in
damage and lost property.
Gabriel estevas. a wealthy
supporter and longtime friend
of imprisoned frp leader Emanuel ferraz.
has been identified as
the leader of the operation.
Information obtained at his residence
reportedly led authorities to conduct raids
on several other locations
where other suspected
participants were engaged
and either captured or killed.
We're told that while estevas's wife
and son were ultimately captured.
Gabriel estevas was located in his home.
dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Plenty of people patting themselves
on the back over creasy's work.
You heard from him?
No.
Well. what's he waiting for?
Look. if creasy believed
that this was all over.
poe would be on her way back home.
I'm going down there.
Whoa. whoa. Whoa. hold on a
second. Henry. we sent him a team.
- He didn't show.
- Yeah.
- What do you think you'll do?
- I served with these guys.
All right? I ran ops with them.
And now I've seen creasy
turned into a shadow of himself.
and rayburn's family
reduced to a lone survivor?
I know creasy's playbook.
I know how he works. I know how he
moves. I know how he goes to ground.
I could find him. And I can help.
What I can't do is live
with what happens if I don't.
Hey. honey.
- What's happening?
- I'll explain later. In the car.
In the car.
You really think ferraz
is gonna go after them?
If he thought it could lead to you. yes.
But why?
We already have the people
that committed the bombings.
and ferraz is already in prison.
So… why does he care?
Other than ferraz.
there's only one person
who can identify the
man on the motorcycle.
What now?
Is this a secure line?
No. I know. I'm dealing with it.
No. I mean I'm getting on a
plane to come down there.
I'm sick and tired of this bullshit.
No. I will take him
and the girl out myself.